Config Documentation (#538)
Aam-Digital/ndb-core: doc/compodoc_sources/concepts/configuration.md

# ConfigService and the config-fix.json file
> THIS DOCUMENT IS STILL WORK IN PROGRESS AND WILL BE CONTINUOUSLY UPDATED AS THE DESIGN OF THE SYSTEM EVOLVES

> The config file is a json object containing information about how several components are supposed to be displayed. It is loaded by the `ConfigService` and then distributed to the relevant modules. This document aims to explain how the `ConfigService` interacts with the rest of the application and all options that can be set within the `config-fix.json`, located under /src/app/core/config (TODO: change name of config file?) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The config is a json object containing information about how the user interface for a specific project is supposed to be displayed. The config is stored in the database and can be updated for a user without changing the code base. The default config is part of the repository in the [config-fix.json file](https://github.com/Aam-Digital/ndb-core/tree/master/src/app/core/config/config-fix.json).

Config data is loaded by the `ConfigService` and then distributed to the relevant modules. This document aims to explain how the `ConfigService` interacts with the rest of the application and all options that can be changed through the config.
```
